{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green44\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21176\c22745\c23922;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On making portraits, from an artist: \
\
Portraits are quite interesting because they capture the essence of the person - even down to seeing the soul through their eyes. This sounds intense-maybe insane, but I speak as a photographer first. \
\
The difference? Bespoke Punks are the absolute abstraction of a person\'92s inner self \'97 the total, clear and complete encapsulation of their inner being. To construct a portrait is total intimacy. Did Mona Lisa and Leonardo stay acquainted? How did Poe find love, afterall? A portrait is a portal to into depths of humanity. \
\
The artists, poets, and expressionists all had a signature \'97 they have all been the main character at some time or another. Pixels are part of a greater picture, and are the cornerstone to what imagination looks like. \
\
-Ilyssa\
\
\
\
\
\
Ok I just uploaded an ew file called Bespoke Punks =Sheet2.csv. I need you to do a few things, thee first is, simple take the remaining names from the FORTRAINING6 folder and append them into the name column, for both the lads and ladies, lets start there, then if you can also. Backfill for the new entries, the background, the eye color, etc as much as you can, and then highlight the entries in the csv that you updated and entered new information from. I will then upload to google sheets and check it, and fill in / edit / modify anything . And then send it back to you and then we will make epic captions. \
\
\
\'97\
There are many ways to approach the workflow, but generally it is this approach:\
1) create .txt caption files for all of the bespoke punks\
2) train model on the bespoke punks and caption\
3) upload real image/avatar, generate/quantize color palette and captions\
4) feed this + pre-image to model\
5) generate new bespoke punk\
\
I have ~200 bespoke punks with their before images and captions for training\'85 I have models on Replicate, Hugging face and now RunPod. I have also tried for months before Cursor/Claude code to use just Replit, Vercel, Lovable, etc\'85. This has been a 10+ month project. \
\
Challenges/Areas for improvement: \
1) generating more training images from the 200 I have already to make the model even more robust and accurate (200 may not be enough, so we have to alter and generate new images and captions to add onto the training data).\
2) getting the captions just right (not too long, not too short, just the right amount of detail) to train the model along with the matching images for robust image transformations w all traits\
3) finding the right models and settings to actually train the models on my data (replicate, hugging face, run node, etc). \
4) overall workflow: do we need intermediate prompt generation before feeding into models? More workflow steps? \
\

\f1\b In this folder/repo: 
\f0\b0 https://github.com/bespokepunk/bespokebaby2 (I invited you to the Org, check email/GitHub)\
1. Content 1106: general context/prompting, the same info as here\
2. FORTRAINING6 = Training Data. See file descriptions below. \
	bespokepunks: Final Bespoke Punk Images\
	bespokepunkstext: .txt feels related to Final Bespoke Punk Images\
	bespokepunkOG: original images the Final Bespoke Images are based on \
	bespokepunktextimages: Final Bespoke Punk Images\
	bespokepunkstextimages.zip: compressed version of file about (used for Trainings)\
	other files: related to training for Replicate, RunPod, etc. \
\'97\
\

\f1\b Links/.env credentials/variables needed
\f0\b0 \
\
Replicate\
1. Replicate API Key: r8_bkX5IVUJk9IqmmXZ35XvCjkqsWy1hcM24kTye: used to acces replicate models made based on the training data (.txt files and final bespoke punk images). \
2. Replicate Model Info: \
3. Replicate Model Link: \
\
RunPod: \
1. RunPod API Key \
\
WandBAI\
1. WandB API Key: 
\f2\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
495752e0ee6cde7b8d27088c713f941780d902a1 : this allows external monitoring and image generation as training is occurring - you may need to setup an account but you can try this API key to connect and see if it works. \
\
Hugging Face\
1. HF API Key: 
\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \cb1 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: used to access/save models to Hugging Face}