{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ok now we need to work on the punks that had transparent glasses etc. so I made these in photoshop. Previously my process was to make the copies in photoshop, remove the transparent glasses, and then bring both into aspirate and do the layers that way. But I lose the semi transparent/semi opaque I believe when im bringing into aspirate this way. So I need the workflow to do this similarly but not lose the transparency in aspirate \
\'97\
Ok so let\'92s start the website updates. Recall we wanted to updated the site to just display on the landing page, the total punks we have the WORLDS for while we continue to develop the other worlds. \
\
First of all note, we had the 25 punks that we have on the original list, but there are actually a total of 37 in the punk worlds folder. They have the same name as their punk but with the W appended to the name - so I want you to use this information to get the exact punks we need to display on the home page on rotations with their worlds. No more than 4 at a time on the home planning page, and again, make the viewpoint amazing for the 16:9 point of view. We want to really magnetize and draw people into their worlds from this perspective, and make it clean and spectacular and just absolutely perfect. }